the Israeli Army has retrieved the
bodies of six hostages from can yunas in
southern Gaza these are the pictures of
the men who had been captured in
southern Israel during the Hamas attacks
on October the 7th five of their deaths
had already been announced but one was
previously thought to have still been
alive meanwhile US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin has been in Egypt where
he is pushing for a ceasefire and
hostage release deal in Gaza he's met
the Egyptian president Abdul fat Ali in
Cairo Anthony blinkin has said it was up
to amas to agree to a bridging proposal
for a ceasefire deal in Gaza after he
met Israeli officials in Tel Aviv Hamas
has issued a statement saying claims by
the us including President Biden that it
was backing away from a ceasefire deal
amus leading Hamas says it's Keen to
reach a cessation of aggression and
remarks by the US Administration give
Israel the green light to continue the
war Hamas also accused the US of bias
towards Israel let's show you the latest
pictures we have from Gaza where Hamas
officials say at least 10 people have
been killed in an Israeli military
attack on a school that was housing
displaced people the IDF claimed that
the strike targeted Hamas fighters who
used a hidden Command Center in the
school the UN says almost 500 school
buildings have been directly hit or
damaged during the current conflict well
let's hear now from sahiro Shaham he's
been speaking about his uncle Abraham
Munda he was taken hostage by Hamas
fighters on October the 7th my uncle was
was kidnapped from his house from his
home in kibuts N Ro on that Saturday by
Kamas
terrorist this happened October 7th on
October 8th he was abandoned by his
government and on October 9th he was
abandoned by the government and on
October 10th and this continuously goes
on went on until the day that he died he
saw television and got and heard some
radio broadcast I'm sure sure that he
heard what is going on in Israel it must
have broke his heart to see that you
know people from his own government are
objecting to sign a deal that will get
him back home so yeah Hamas took him but
the continuous abandonment is on the
hands of the Israeli government they had
plenty of opportunities to get him out
together with all the other hostages
together with in in so many cases we
have counted 18 cases of the government
of Israel torpedoing the initiative to
get the hostages back 18 in the last 10
months well on those talks Anthony
blinkin as I mentioned is in Egypt
traveling with him is our state
department correspondent Tom bitman well
the intention of secretary blinkin is to
try to drive this deal through you know
we've had a fair amount of expectation
mixed with optimism from the Americans
about their hopes for trying to push
some form of breakthrough they have
thought within even the next week or so
I have to say the mood on the ground as
we've moved from Israel here to Egypt
simply hasn't matched that expectation
what we heard from secretary blinkin on
Monday night was him saying that prime
minister Netanyahu had accepted the
American bridging proposal the language
from the Israelis themselves has been a
a bit less emphatic than that although
the Israeli Prime Minister saying that
he was committed to this um proposal but
some suggestions within the Israeli
press that this has been perhaps more
mediation uh or negotiation between the
Americans and the Israelis to get to a
position than it has been between the
Israelis and Hamas so far the purpose
here in Egypt critically is to discuss
perhaps the main sticking point and that
is prime minister netanyahu's insistence
as he's put it that there remain Israeli
troops in the so-called Philadelphia
Corridor that part of the Gaza Strip in
the South that borders Egypt here um he
believes That's essential to Israel's
security so they can't be weapon
smuggling for Hamas to rearm itself as
for Hamas they say that's simply amount
to continued Israeli occupation and
therefore it is not an end to the war
the Egyptians are critical on this
because of course they share that border
with Gaza that will be a key component
of the discussions um between Mr blinkin
and president president CeCe here and
then we move to katar where um there
will be further discussions with um key
officials in Doha they of course like
the Egyptians crucial to the
negotiations and speaking directly to
Hamas Tom bitman there as he was saying
katar absolutely critical when it comes
to these talks so let's get the
perspective now of naah fani who is
former director of Qatari defense
intelligence joining us from Doha always
good to have you with us who at this
point is holding up the
ceasefire thank you Lucy for having me
well currently I think what's uh holding
up the ceasefire is that the negotiation
isn't over uh we've seen reports uh that
uh Israel agreed on bridging proposals
and then as you reported uh earlier the
Israeli media kind of Pok some holes
into that obviously the attacks today on
the the evacuation Center as I see the
numb in front of me growing to 12 killed
doesn't help that that news happened and
that thing happens in the same day um as
well as Hamas Hamas has to understand
that it won't get everything it needs
and I think qatar's job with the United
States and Egypt is to focus both
parties on three main points number one
the end of hostilities and and a
ceasefire number two release of all
hostages uh per a plan that agreed by by
both parties and number three
humanitarian Aid
making the perfect the enemy of the Good
Will neither help the Israelis or the
hostages or the Palestinians and the
civilians in Gaza but on that first
point how will it ever be overcome when
Israel wants to have a deal that will
allow it to continue the war whereas it
seems that Hamas wants a ceas file deal
that ends
it well that's the point if Israel wants
a deal without a deal that that is by
definition a non-deal um a lot of
Palestinians are suffering the families
of the hostages Israeli hostages are
suffering I think the Israelis and the
Palestinians represented here by Hamas
and Gaza have to reach the uh
understanding that they won't get
everything they want uh they won't get a
perfect solution but a a bridging
solution that could lead to a further uh
peace negotiation should be the goal
we're past we're way past a perfect
solution that was months in the past now
the the whole region is trying to avert
a regional conflict and and stop more
death and Destruction for Gaza and
hopefully return the hostages we have
seen this optimism though expressed by
Anthony blinkin and the US team it is
not been echoed by any of the other
parties how would you say you feel at
this moment are you optimistic that any
kind of deal can be
reached I think by Nature that we've
hadn't have this uh of an advance as per
the reports that we're getting in months
in just by that fact I am a bit
optimistic but very cautiously
optimistic because an optimism in
today's atmosphere and and and today's
um reality is different than optimism a
year ago uh today we have to be
optimistic while enduring a continuous
death in Gaza today 35 uh killed in Gaza
and and the number unfortunately is
going uh possible Widing conflict so
that type of optimism is I think what
the negotiators
the mediators have and what I have and I
think in the next couple of days we will
we will see if that optimism was well
placed or unfortunately another
opportunity has St between our fingers
noan it's always good to have your
thoughts and have you with us thank you
for joining us from Doha thank you